Strong typed models (#983)
dynamoose/dynamoose: docs/docs/guide/Model.md

The Model object represents a table in DynamoDB. It takes in both a name and a schema and has methods to retrieve, and save documents in the database.

## dynamoose.model[&lt;Document&gt;](name, [schema][, config])

This method is the basic entry point for creating a model in Dynamoose. When you call this method a new model is created, and it returns a Document initializer that you can use to create instances of the given model.

> An optional class which extends `Document` can be given right before the function bracket. This provide type checking when using operations like Model.create().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional TypeScript class which extends `Document` can be provided right before the function bracket. This provides type checking when using operations like `Model.create()`.
```
